>> Kent C. Dodds: All right,
let's go ahead and
implement this bonus Rendux thing.
So I'm going to pull in
the exercise version.
We'll run the test.
And we'll get our first error.
So we're not rendering the search
component, let's go ahead and
start implementing some of this stuff
cuz we've got a fair amount to do here.
So, I actually provided as much as
I could, that was Redux specific.
Cuz I don't think that you really
care to learn Redux in this workshop.
Feel free to learn that elsewhere.
So yeah, some of the Redux
staff I provided for you.
And we'll just be doing
some of the pattern stuff.
So, if we look at the usage
of the Rendux component.
It's taking the initialState,
it's taking the reducer.
And then, I kinda covered this already but
it's taking this function as a child or
this render prop.
So that's where we're gonna start,
is our render prop.
Actually, before that we need the context.
So let's do that first.
So, we'll make our
RenduxContext=React.createContext.
And we'll initialize this will all this
stuff that our usage example is using.
So we've got rendux .state and
rendux.dispatch.
And down here, we have, actually, it's
easy to render version with the reset.
So, we're going to need those
three things in our default.
So, we'll say state,
as just an empty object,
reset is a function that does nothing and
dispatch, likewise.
Great, so, next, so let's go ahead and
implement the provider pattern.
So, we'll return a toggle or
the RenduxContext.provider and
because we are using both
the provider pattern and
the render props,
we're gonna pull out our UI.
Here, actually, let's just make
this a little easier to read.
We'll do children goes to set props.
Then we'll get our UI
from type of children,
function, then we'll call the children,
children.
Otherwise, we’ll just do the children.
Okay, great.
And then we’ll render the UI and
let us not forget,
the provider also needs a value.
This.state.
That's an inside joke.
All right, so the,
we’re rendering the provider we’re also
handling the render prop, that's great.
We need to also expose the consumer,
so that people can Rendux.Consumer.
Technically, they could use
Rendux.Context.Consumer,
that'd be totally fine if
you wanted to do that way.
It'd work fine.
But I actually like making that explicit
and this is the only way you can
access the context,
as a static property off of my component.
So I'll say static Consumer
= Rendux.Context.Consumer.
And let's save that and see what we broke.
All right, so,
well [LAUGH] this is a familiar error,
okay, so we don't actually or we haven't
yet implemented anything on our state.
We haven't initialized our state at all,
so let's go ahead and do that.
State, this first thing is saying hey,
we can't read reset, so
let's make sure we have rest on there.
Reset, this.reset.
And again, it's kind of weird
to like callback handlers
in your state because they're
not things that change ever but
in the case of context,
it's the easiest way to expose these
things to context without worrying
about unnecessary re-renders.
So, that's what we're doing here
is adding that to our state.
We're also gonna want the dispatch
method to this.stored.dispatch.
And then, we'll have our state,
the state within the state,
is gonna be this.initialRenduxState.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, cool.
So, so far so good.
One thing that we need to do is
implement this higher order component.
So, that's what's failing is it
can't find the printed state,
which is being rendered here.
So, let's go ahead and
implement our higher order component,
so we had the wrapper=React.forwardRef.
That's gonna take props and
the ref that we should forward and
we'll return the component here.
We're gonna return Rendux consumer and
this will, inside,
use the render prompt that
the consumer's exposing.
That'll take the rendux thing,
rendux utils.
Whatever you wanna call that and
render the component.
And here, we'll forward on all
the prompts, we'll forward on the ref and
we'll forward on rendux.
Oops, rendux
>> Kent C. Dodds: And
then we'll return the wrapper instead.
Okay, cool.
We're passing tasks.
We could improve this.
So, we're not doing the Poisson
non-react status, so let's go ahead and
do that really quick, so
we don't bump into problems in the future.
Wrapper component and then, let's also
give us a nice display name for DevTools.
displayName =
'withRendux(${Components.displayName
|| Component.name})'.
All right, let's actually, I didn't
get a chance to show you what this
display name looks like in Dev tool,
so let's look at that really quick.
That's in our, over here,
going through our reactive tools and
it's saying unknown.
I don't know why it's saying unknown,
it should be display name, what?
Boo
>> Kent C. Dodds: Well by golly,
you know what, maybe,
I'm not sure what that is.
Maybe if we do this.
>> Speaker 1: It's not
because it's a cons is it?
You can.
>> Kent C. Dodds: No, no,
you can reassign properties on cons.
I don't know, that's weird.
Somebody find out what that is and
send a poll request to
the Front End Master's recording.
But yeah, so that is,
that's the whole thing.
So hopefully, at least this last thing
gave you a peek into the fact that these
patterns aren't just useful for
a toggle component that's
managing one thing in a state.
But they are actually useful for managing
an entire application worth of state.
In particular, for provider pattern for
solving our problem and
thank heaven to react context API for
making that really easy to do.
And then also, the render prompts for
giving total control over
UI state reducers and control prompts for
giving control over the state.
And combining these things together,
you can really make some highly flexible
APIs for people to consume in any
way that their use case needs.
But the really nice thing about
these patterns is that they're
pretty low level primitive patterns
that you can build on top of,
to make components that
make even more opinions.
So, I've actually been waiting for
somebody to re-implement
some other autocomplete
solutions with downshift because
the other autocomplete solutions are
easier to just get up and started with.
You just like here is autocomplete
items equals this.pops the items.
And it's really easy.
Even if it's quite not as flexible.
It's a lot easier.
But I think the reason that people
haven't done that is because it's pretty
generic or like case by case basis.
But the nice thing is that, you can
build on top of these things to provide
cleaner nicer APIs for specific use cases.
And also, with higher order components
being able to build on top of these render
prompt APIs makes it a lot easier too.
So I'm really excited
about these patterns.
Thank you so much for
looking at my Twitter.
[LAUGH] So, thank you so much for
coming out to the workshop.
And with that, I'll just say, goodbye and
please go ahead and submit feedback,
I'd appreciate that.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]